well I'm joined right now by darshan as
we sit in this alleyway somewhere in
downtown San Angeles to talk about CLG
in 2018 darshan things have changed a
little bit so you have a couple
different players on the team what was
the offseason like for you did you have
much input in the changes or sort of how
did everything go on behind the scenes
with you yeah I definitely had some
input in the changes but some of the
things you know like weren't up to me
like you know after leaving and things
like that wasn't a hundred percent you
know like my decision but I'm still
really happy with the roster I'm still
really happy with the way things are
looking and we have veterans who have
all won LCS before and been to world so
I feel like we're we already have like a
really strong starting point yeah it
doesn't feel like so much to the
conversation right now is being
dominated by like TSM Team Liquid cloud
nine less people talking about CLG this
year any ideas why that is and do you
think that you does that make you guys
kind of like an underdog I just feel
like people like don't really care too
much about like most of the players on
our teams in terms of like brand wise
like we don't really have any like super
huge brands so it's like pretty easy to
like not care as much about CLG but I
think we'll just have the winning factor
so I don't really care about being
popular winning is all that matters very
cool now we're how do you expect CLG to
start off because every starting to do
these predictions around like you know
is this team gonna start strong as a
team do you feel like you need to build
up or you guys gonna get out of the gate
really really strong um so I think it's
both I think we're gonna start out of
the gate pretty strong and we have a lot
of building up to do since we've already
got like so much like talent and like
veteran status on the team there's not
at like there's not as much of the
basics to work on but the fundamental
any like a little crazy like really get
like strong team synergy and really kind
of get to the next level and not only be
a team that is good North America but be
a team that can do well in win worlds
what do you think about the NA LCS s
here should fans feel it feels like
everybody every year everybody gets
their hype up for worlds and you know
this is the year for North America but
it does feel like we've imported more
talent the franchising thing has come in
so teams should be dedicating more to
infrastructure
what do you think about the strengths of
North America as a whole going into 2018
so I think it's really easy and it's
completely understandable that
everyone's gonna be super cynical and
pessimistic about na doing well at
Worlds you know it's like what about the
last like six or seven years like what
what do you what's different this year
you know it's gonna be the same thing
Korean overlords and it doesn't have a
chance but I've always been one of those
people who tries my hardest every day
and to improve myself in the team and I
feel like I have that positive mindset
of we can do it and I feel like if you
don't have that if you don't believe in
yourself in your team then you're just
already like shooting yourself in the
foot from the start so I really don't
like when especially like I see some pro
players and interviews just like yeah
we're probably not gonna win or like I
don't think we can do it but we're gonna
try our best because I feel like you
should be confident in yourself and your
team so I definitely think that there
are a few na teams that can do well at
Worlds but I'm most confident about our
own team and I definitely think that you
know for example TSM last year I think
they usually every year they've got like
a pretty good chance of doing well but I
feel like mentality wise and like the
pressure they put on themselves they
kind of shoot themselves in the foot as
well and don't do as well as like even
I'd expect them to do like based on
playing them and playing other Korean
teams like I know like how well they're
gonna do so I definitely feel like North
America has a chance to do it and it's
not I don't think it's as much about the
skill as it is about on the day are they
in the right right mindset like ready to
win ready to compete people are hyping
up the TSM Team Liquid rivalry so much
when historically I feel like we've seen
so much conversation around CLG and TSM
so I'm curious for you do you feel like
CLG has an obvious rival this year or is
there any team in particular that you
are looking to face I definitely want to
be well so on Team Liquid there's a lot
of my old teammates you know like duh
blow smoothie poke like I want to beat
all of them I want to do well against
them and then I think TSM we've just
lost to them too much like the past like
year so I just definitely want to beat
them again not only for my sake but you
know like bio frost like he got kicked
off and like Han sir was like there's a
reason we kicked them off for team and
I'm and then basically like for me it's
gonna be like well what reason was that
because we beat you you know so got
got to get some revenge for my boy and
also TSM is like usually I think the
team that we've done the worst against
so I feel like to really prove ourselves
we have to do well against them
was it like having rain over and by Oh
Frost Vincent on the team both of them
kind of quieter guys what's it has the
atmosphere for the team changed much
what's it been like working with these
guys um honestly on this team I feel
like the five players we've have right
now I feel like it is the most motivated
team I've been on so I'm actually pretty
excited like I think I definitely think
you know like Vincent's like a little
quieter of a guy but once you get to
know him like once he kind of like gets
like lets loose a little bit he's kind
of the biggest Mimar on the team
definitely if you've seen his tweets
like the way he acts like I was like
picking between champions and then I was
saying like you know picked me a carry
champion and then he's like do you mean
maokai and like in like a serious tone
I'm like no like carry champion and then
he's like maokai like in an actual scrim
so he's definitely like a funny guy like
he's definitely like I think like a
cooler guy once he like lets loose a
little bit so I think everyone
everyone's pretty awesome to be around
not not as quiet as you'd expect and
yeah I'm just great team environment how
much will the best one change affect CLG
and what are your personal thoughts on
going back to best ones so I think every
TR everybody knows like analysts like
people on the league know that steel G
is really good with level ones and it's
so funny to me because everyone's just
theology this cheesing team they just
beat us with this level one strategy and
I'm like my mindset about it is like
level one is a part of the game that you
can practice and get good at to win
games at the start of the game so if you
actually want it to be the best and you
wanted to improve then you would use
level ones to your advantage right but I
feel like CLG or like myself is like
we're one of the only teams that thinks
that way so we'll like always look for
creative ways to win and win and play
the game and so that often helps us in
best of ones and I think other teams
just kind of hate that because they're
like oh strategy like innovation so I
definitely think it's a it's a helpful
thing for us and I think other teams
either have to like start you know
thinking about other aspects of the game
like hey we can do cool level ones or
they're just gonna lose games to us
alright so everybody's talking about TS
I'm Team Liquid CLG cloud 9 I think
people feel really secure and that that
for if you had to pick an underdog from
the rest of team so you know like a
golden Guardians of clutch one of the
teams that people aren't aren't
expecting as much what you know maybe
you could give me an idea of who you
think people should keep an eye on hmm
let's see so what are those teams there
is fly quest golden Guardians echo fox
clutch optic okay I would say fly quest
or echo fox are like my Dark Horse's of
the split I feel like they have they
have like some good players on there
they have some upset potential but they
also have the potential to fall really
flat
you mentioned echo fox i have to ask
like do you do you think Derek will
stabilize and stay on that team
throughout the year so I really hope the
best for Derek but I feel like there is
like there's a reason that he moves from
team to team and if he's able to like
deal with his own like personal issues
and be really consistent I always feel
like he's had the skill but that's never
been his issue so that's what I feel
like will be like the hard thing like
the intangibles that you're not gonna
see unless you're behind the scenes so
I'm hoping the best for Echo Fox we'll
see what happens alright prediction for
clg's final place right for playoffs
like how will you place in the top ten
before you get to playoffs first place
baby boom anything that you want to say
to any of the CLG fans I want to say I'm
really excited to compete this year and
not only prove that we're the best team
but I'm the best top laner in na this
wit so stay tuned for me to kick some
ass oh and we got it we got a new jersey
Thank You Travis you're always great
with the plugs I don't I don't know what
I'd do without Travis Travis cafard you
know everyone check out Travis Travis's
content you know his patreon all the
good stuff he's got going on he's he's a
great guy thank you thank you so much
for the interview
darshan looking forward to seeing how
CLG does in the coming split for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of our coverage right here on my youtube
channel
anywhere's I need somebody who can shoot
and edit and do all the kind of crazy
and that's why like Burton is very
helpful to me one of these days I might
pay him I'm gonna considering it as a
consideration probably not much but all
right
are we rolling okay good yeah oops don't
put that in the vlog all right here we
go